https://github.com/HU90m github
https://secure.ecs.soton.ac.uk ecs
https://coursecast.soton.ac.uk/Panopto/Pages/Home.aspx panopto
https://blackboard.soton.ac.uk blackboard
https://www.hsbc.co.uk/ hsbc
https://www.marcus.co.uk/ marcus
https://www.fidelity.co.uk/clients/ fidelity
https://www.santander.co.uk/ santander
https://www.facebook.com/messages/ messenger
https://www.gmail.com gmail
https://outlook.office365.com/mail/inbox soton mail
https://keep.google.com keep
https://drive.google.com/ drive
https://github.com/j5api/j5 j5 repo
https://j5.readthedocs.io/ j5 documentation
https://sourcebots.org sourcebots
https://sourcebots.slack.com/ sourcebots slack
https://docs.sourcebots.co.uk/ sourcebots documentation
https://github.com/sourcebots sourcebots repo
https://github.com/srobo student robotics repo
https://members.somakeit.org.uk/dashboard so make it
https://somakeit.slack.com/ so make it slack
https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/somakeit so make it group
